yes no froze completely to the brim
this beach see flooded
a little bit here and the weather froze
us today the sun is great the most
business is also not
the sun is generally beauty
that's how it looks like you can ride
bike ride
comes skating but it wo n't work
so here but we continue our
we lit a fire on ti3
in the middle of the river and now I will
move Donetsk from the left bank to
right bank side of the village that's where
wider glove us can not come in handy
and drove in one leg
go to the folder strictly for artem
share in the ice something frozen into ice
uneven that fry scares here
some dark and it seemed to me here
the crack is at all visible deep
You are a strange Lena and somehow only
not afraid to go
I want your footprints I do not see the framework you walked along
how did you go then oh well these waves of purpose
but I think it is already small
even blue bird will be sewing somewhere
so scary she is not there to land in
the village is already well and the great soldiers fire
contrary to all laws of nature to the firm
scorching on ice and ice as you see wrong
this is something
already there is so fat
well yes
the largest thawed patch on Seversk
the bottom is near the bridge in this bridge
and here it is thawed if you look closely
you can see water flowing here
why in this place did not freeze to the end
unknown maybe here just fine and
a large current is a flooded forest
rather unusual place cage slippery
but so normally ours can pass
Madame C found the first hole
the sheet and here we see the thickness of the ice
the film that there is a small flow
Now we measure the thickness you know how to her
get though not really the king of fat
ice gray thickness
That's about such a thin one can
say expected and thicker see but not
rattling I came to Donetsk after a week
after traveling on ice and ice already
began to thaw
you can watch pieces of ice float and
so understood here an hour is not safe because
that cliff on which I stood absolutely
recently collapsed
can take a closer look will show that
tumbled so hard that it broke the ice
which is still quite thick in this
everywhere here is a tree
very soon fall into the river broke away
one of the biggest people
with a huge lesson there something goes
and after a couple more weeks the ice melted
just a little bit left
coast of the hour you show better if he
wo n't collapse so it looks on among